The following will be recorded and combined with the powerpoint to show to one of the groups

Slide 1: Thank you for participating in our study. Today we will be teaching you some of the African countries and their outlines.
You will need to learn these outlines and be able to label them with their correct country at the end of the learning period.

Slide 2: There are 54 countires in Africa. It would be difficult to learn all of them in such a short period so we will teach you 15 of them.
We will show you a large outline of the country with it's name and where in Africa it is located to get a better sense of the size of each country.
Learning geography is not always easy, in fact the more names you try to learn the harder it gets. 
We will give some examples of ways to remember the names of the country based on the shape at the end of the presentation.

Slide 3: Algeria
Algeria is located in the North Western part of the country and is the largest country in Africa.

Slide 4: Angola
Angola is located on the South Western coast.

Slide 5: Benin
Benin is located on the western side on the southern coast of the overhanging part of the country(better phrase for this??)

Slide 6: Burkina Faso
Burkina Faso is located on the western side of the country and is land locked.

Slide 7: Cape Verde
Cape Verde is made up of 10 different islands of the west coast in the North Atlantic Ocean. 
These islands are being pointed to by the red arrows on the map.

Slide 8: Central African Republic
Central African Republic is located in the center of the country.

Slide 9: Chad
Chad is located in the Northern Central part of the country and is one of the largest countries in Africa.

Slide 10: Comoros
Comoros is made up of 4 islands between Africa and Madagascar in the Indian Ocean. 
The location is marked by a red x on the map.

Slide 11: Democratic Republic of Congo
The Democratic Republic of Congo is located the center of the country just below Central African Republic, it is the second largest country in Africa.

Slide 12: Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast is located on the western side on the southern coast of the overhanging part of the country(better phrase for this??)

Slide 13: Djibouti
Djibouti is located on the eastern coast and is one of the smallest countries in Africa.

Slide 14: Egypt
Egypt is located on the north eastern coast.

Slide 15: Equatorial Guinea
Equatorial Guinea is located in the middle of the country on the western coast.

Slide 16: Eritrea
Eritrea is located on the eastern coast right above Djibouti.

Slide 17: Mali
Mali is located on the western part of the country and is landlocked. 

Slide 18: Sao Tome And Principe
Sao Tome And Principe is made up of 2 islands off the west coast where the country bends, it is close to Benin and Equatorial Guinea. 
The location is marked by a red x on the map.

Slide 19:That was a lot of countries to go through, so memorizing them poses more of a problem. 
To do this, we can keep our mnemonic devices as close to the country names. Here are a few examples:
